Update faq.mdx (#3629)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/introduction/faq.mdx

Check out our communities at [tina.io/community](https://tina.io/community).

## 3. Do I need a certified person to use Tina?

> Yes, Tina is designed for developers. You’ll need someone with dev experience to set it up and customize it properly. A [certified developer](https://www.credly.com/org/superior-software-for-windows-ssw/badge/tinacms-developer) should be involved to ensure best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can start using Tina right away but it is designed for developers to setup and customize. A [certified developer](https://www.credly.com/org/superior-software-for-windows-ssw/badge/tinacms-developer) can accelerate the setup, fine-tune the configuration, and ensure best-practice architecture.
```
